hey y'all doing today one do to kind of
introduce a neat little thing we will be
doing on my channel just as a little
part-time deal I'm here it's a brother
not have invested in in a beehive here
we've got a ten frame hive we purchased
for love bushy Mountain I'm off Internet
it's really nice hobbits that made of a
pine this one has a copper roof with got
a little painters tape there on the roof
but what we're gonna do is try to raise
us some bees get a little bit of honey
fresh homemade honey using some of the
cooking here with southern coastal
cooking so we ordered this hive
everything was pretty much put together
a cool choir some assembly air from
bushing mountain to Tim frame version
there's the bottom this is the top here
watch this is the very bottom staying
here we've got two brood boxes now this
is all we need going in the frames I
don't have the frames out here but they
go inside the brood box first step we've
done is of course put together we put
this is the clear shield we put some
wood stain over here this is men wax
this is the golden pecan 2:45 stain so
it's just a solid white pine when you
get it and we stain it with this up go
to become then we went over it with this
clear weather shield here by middle axe
well you need to get at least two three
coats over here just with Pascal dues
for a seal T and keep all the weather
out now if you want you could definitely
paint this hive totally white there just
like a standard beehive we just want a
little better color to it so what we're
gonna do inside that's what the would
look like yeah yeah you do not want to
paint the wood on the inside of course
because where the bees are going me
we're going we are starting this
halftime like Mia but what we're doing
we're actually starting to do what that
is is basically taking a living hive and
transporting it into a new hive or or
take I believe eight out of ten frames I
have an older hive that's well
established with the Queen and put here
in one of our brood boxes along with two
new
phrase we're going to transport that
back here we'll set the high up over
there and move a beer garden and we'll
start making little B videos here so
which is look we're looking for any kind
of advice you may want to give on
raising bees here no thanks a lot